---
title: AUD212.3 - Professional Development - Brief
date: 2023-12-01
categories: [project]
tags: [SAE,brief,project]
---

📅 Deadline: 4/12/23

- - -
# Project Brief

Professional Development refers to the actions and endeavours undertaken to apply acquired knowledge to a specific industry, occupation, or work environment. During the course of this trimester, you will engage in various activities designed to enhance both technical proficiency and writing aptitude. These activities may include assignments given by your facilitator or self-directed projects. Maintaining thorough documentation of the work process serves as an effective means of demonstrating critical thinking and research capabilities. This project serves as an opportunity for you to document your participation in these tasks and your outcomes to be factored into your final holistic grade.

# Project Goals

### You will complete:

- A comprehensive and detailed Learning Journal page that serves as documentation of the process and results of various creative, technical, and academic tasks throughout the trimester, providing evidence of participation and progress;
-  Mid-Trimester Individual Performance and Aspirations Review;
- Use campus showcase to exhibit works created throughout the trimester;
- Project Reflections: Aspirational Reflection & Project Completion

# Steps To Follow

1. **Aspirational reflection:** See the ‘[how to reflect](https://sites.google.com/sae.edu/aud212unitsite/how-to-reflect)’ page on the AUD212 Unit Site for details.
2. Learning Journal Page:
   - Create a Learning Journal page titled "AUD212 Professional Practice,
   - Document process and completion for specific mixing, mastering and creative tasks assigned by your facilitator throughout the trimester,
   - Document process and engagement with personal creative projects that you think are relevant,
   - Complete a minimum of three (3) AUD212 unit site blog questions (Minimum 300 words each, at least 1 in-text citation using APA 7 referencing)
3. Individual Performance and Aspirations Review
   - Attend a mid-trimester meeting with your facilitator. Come prepared with:
     - a self-assessment of your performance against the Transferable Skills, and 
     - a documented set of individual tasks and targets designed to support your aspirations and achievement of a passing grade in the Unit.
4. **Exhibition:** Work collaboratively with your peers to plan and execute a public exhibition of the projects you have developed. As part of this process, you will need to ensure that your projects are polished and ready for exhibition. You will also need to consider how you present your projects to your audience.
5. **Project-Completion Reflection:** See the ‘[how to reflect](https://sites.google.com/sae.edu/aud212unitsite/how-to-reflect)’ page on the AUD212 Unit Site for details.
6. **Submit your project**

# Deliverables

- Learning Journal page titled "AUD212 Professional Practice" with:
  -  evidence of project goals embedded
  - Participation in the Week 7 Individual Performance and Aspirations Review meeting with your facilitator
  - Exhibition of creative professional practice of campus showcase
  - Project Reflections x 2: (1) aspirational reflection with at least one scholarly reference included and (2) project-completion reflection, with a minimum of 250 words for each.
  - All permissions set correctly for your Learning Journal and embedded documents
- Use APA 7 referencing
- Make sure the link submitted is for the published site and all related content for your project and that two project reflections are correctly shared with moderation_au@sae.edu.
